\section{Related Work}
\label{sec:related_work}

This section reviews some of the leading traditional ticket-selling platforms
and their functionalities, followed by an exploration of the application of
NFTs in various industries, including art and gaming, highlighting key projects
and emerging trends.

\subsection{Traditional Ticket-Selling Platforms}
\label{subsec:traditional_ticket_selling_platforms}

Several established platforms are widely used for ticket sales. Two of the
largest and most reputable Portuguese companies in this space are Ticketline
\cite{ticketline} and Blueticket~\cite{blueticket}. These platforms cater to a
wide range of events, such as concerts, sports matches, theater performances,
and exhibitions. In addition, they collaborate with physical retailers,
including Worten~\cite{worten}, Fnac~\cite{fnac}, and El Corte
Ingl√©s~\cite{el_corte_ingles}, providing users with the flexibility to purchase
tickets both online and in person.

Both platforms feature comprehensive websites where event organizers can list
their events. Users can browse upcoming events, access detailed event
information, and purchase tickets online, with options to print tickets at home
or pick them up at designated physical outlets.

% A comparison table between traditional ticket-selling platforms and Ticketchain will be included here.

\subsection{Application of NFTs}
\label{subsec:application_of_nfts}

NFTs have gained significant traction in industries such as art and gaming,
where they represent ownership of unique digital assets. In the art industry,
NFTs enable creators to mint and sell digital artworks, which are authenticated
and tracked on the blockchain, ensuring their uniqueness and provenance. NFT
artworks can be traded on various platforms, with many artists benefiting from
royalties generated from secondary sales.

In gaming, NFTs are utilized to represent unique in-game assets, such as skins,
weapons, or characters. These items can be traded between players, adding a new
dimension to gameplay and player ownership. One of the most notable NFT
projects is the Bored Ape Yacht Club~\cite{bored_ape_yacht_club}, a collection
of digital avatars in JPEG format that have sold for millions of dollars.
Beyond digital ownership, membership in the Bored Ape Yacht Club offers
exclusive benefits, such as access to private events, merchandise, and a
dedicated community of collectors.
